Su Hua doesn't admit it, does he?
So...
This little bastard has nothing to do with you, right?
Lu Chengming's always impersonal vice president
So concerned about this girl
And she's not your own daughter?
I'm not his daughter
My mother is Mu Yulan
You got the wrong guy
Shin Shin is my daughter
Please let him go
Jia Ling, you are also a person with a head and face.
Don't act like a street corner gangster like you
Uncle, this little girl lied to me 300,000
I just want to scrape him in the face
I'm already cheap on him.
What nonsense?
When did I cheat you of money?
How can a liar say he is lying?
Right, Suhua?
Such a pretty face
It's going to be disfigured soon.
Anyway, won't you sign it?
Stop and I'll sign